It's interesting for the car business
The main theme is that it is fun
Yes, what should we do to do it?
And
What kind of knowledge is necessary and practical
I also distribute things from the regular used car business
It was aztec
When I say what it means
Car things
There is also a homeroom black business.
Not as a really basic professional
If there is any such thing please take care of it
Well
It's a real example in this way
About this
I did it in such a way, and usually it was almost as light
Big Car Exhibition
The story that there was much in this car
I would like to see this kind of Fukui prefecture in the Hokuriku countryside
Though
I went to Nagoya University from the previous work and studied in the United States
Did
Well, I came back and it was about the bubble burst
I went back and covered my original work
I finished the job of US trade though
By chance it takes a job on the car
I entered the world of the previous car
That is the story of that export please tell me
come
After the tea
Starting with the plan I will give you various teaching materials
Shit
I say that such a seminar
There is no way to say that there are 6.4 million units of manners being exported
In addition, the country is excavated to 11/3
From the United States
Continued recruitment of auction sites in the UK is a so-called professional contractor
Mr.
So that each auction
It is a place where you can not enter or leave unless you are a registered company
x here
Gulliver Circle is also so, but Toyopet
Even if you bought it from the customers
Should I sell it?
I think there is a fast discussion
Selling a car must have some credit
So in that sense
Compete with information companies on the internet
It's not enough for pdf by pdf
I have improved but I say this
Deploy the car
Here is the hood
When there is a front center, everyone says that Okano assessment
Can also be imagined
Or try to split the car frame
-Look at the state
I think the big thing is to decide the price
Well turned
For example, if you want a high ace
I'm thinking but in fact
If you listen carefully to that story, you will reflect on it separately
Not
If only one point was taken for the evil way simply because the family increased a little
When it comes to saying good
However, I can not get one point even if I say it now
Even if I'm jumping in, it's said that I came as something coming
The story is written as buying
It is the beginning
Actually this is also a good question
I hope this can be repaired
Because it was hand, but was said to be repair history
1 part market is a thousand-
Have you
No sense
Closer done br
Start with a format that has earned more than 50 sheets
If it is that
No molding at Okayama
I do a good bus
2 please use the bus well but I use my own
is not it
Really inter-trader at the beginning of this February
Because it is empty
But this is also true
Objected against another company
Ten thousand yen two months in the minimum one month
One hundred thirty-one thousand yen Three months three hundred ninety-two thousand yen
I'm starting to turn around from about four months
There is no doubt that Ariakehama
to go well
Being asked
It's a model, but if he goes on he will lie down before going to bed
Hand new service
Of a new sense
Let's aim at a wheelchair
Production level